What are you drinking I'm at home
Mr. Shen
Mr. Shen attacked again
Don't look for
I'm not here.
I just used lateral surgery
It is convenient to communicate with you.
Mr. Shen, how is my grandfather now?
The Great Wall of Sword Qi is the land of the Chinese and Western gods of war
Damn brothers
Your grandfather was hit by Niwan Palace
So it became what it is now
How should it be treated now?
Take the pills I gave you before
Take it for your grandpa
Mr. Shen is effective
When will my grandpa wake up?
This requires my face
Completely remove the murderous aura from his body
You come to the moon drink bar to get married
Ok, I'll be right there.
Pillar of the Breeze Martyrs' Loyalty
He won't die.
I have to solve this matter.
Go to Nu Xin first and say hello